c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\WebApplication61.dll.config
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\WebApplication61.dll
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\WebApplication61.pdb
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\obj\Debug\WebApplication61.dll
c:\users\liorg.danel2k\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication61\WebApplication61\obj\Debug\WebApplication61.pdb
